Comprehensive revisions of 2.1 boilerplate files (#14)
aws-ia/aws-ia-documentation-base-common: deployment_cfn/.specific/troubleshooting.adoc

//Add any unique troubleshooting steps here.

> For troubleshooting common Quick Start issues, see the http://general-content-file[AWS Quick Start General Content Guide^] and https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/UserGuide/troubleshooting.html[Troubleshooting CloudFormation^].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For troubleshooting common Quick Start issues, see the https://aws-ia.github.io/content/qs_info.html[AWS Quick Start General Content Guide^] and https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/UserGuide/troubleshooting.html[Troubleshooting CloudFormation^].
```
